 
 To obtain information about other Plan investment options or to make changes, please log on to NetBenefits® at 
www.401k.com  or call 1 -800-835-5095, Monday through Friday (excluding New York Stock Exchange holidays), 
between 8:30 a.m. and 8:00 p.m. in your time zone, to speak to a representative. You may change your  investment 
elections for future contributions and/or exchange all or a portion of your existing balance into other  options available 
under the Plan via Fidelity NetBenefits® or by phone. We encourage you to review your  investment mix and deferral 
percentage and update as appropriate.  
 
Trust Descriptions 
Vanguard Target Retirement Income Trust I  
VRS code: 886249 
Gross expense ratio:  0.065% as of 11/8/2023  
Objective: Seeks to provide current income and some capital appreciation. 
Strategy: The trust invests in Vanguard mutual funds according to an asset allocation strategy designed for investors currently in retirement. Unit price 
and return will vary. 
Risk: The fund is subject to the volatility of the financial markets, including that of equity and fixed income investments. Fixed in come investments carry 
issuer default and credit risk, inflation risk, and interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more 
pronounced for longer -term securities.) Principal invested is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after retirement. Additional risk information for this 
product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.  
Short- term redemption fee:  None 
Who may want to invest: Someone who is seeking an investment option intended for people in retirement and who is willing to accept the volatility of diversified investments in the market; Someone who is seeking a diversified mix of stocks, bonds, and short- term investments in one investment option 
and l ooking primarily for the potential for income and, secondarily, for share -price appreciation. 
The investment option is a collective investment trust. It is managed by Vanguard. This description is only intended to provi de a brief overview of the 
fund.  
This investment option is not a mutual fund.  
 
Vanguard Target Retirement 2020 Trust I  
VRS code: 886251 Gross expense ratio:  0.065% as of 11/9/2023  
Objective: Seeks to provide capital appreciation and current income consistent with its current asset allocation.  
Strategy: The trust invests in Vanguard mutual funds using an asset allocation strategy designed for investors planning to retire and l eave the workforce 
in or within a few years of 2020 (the target year). Within seven years after 2020, the trust's asset allocation should resemble that of the Target Retirement 
Income Trust I. Unit price and return will vary. 
Risk: The target date funds are designed for investors expecting to retire around the year indicated in each fund's name. The funds  are managed to 
gradually become more conservative over time as they approach their target date. The investment risk of each target date fund changes over time as its 
asset allocation changes. They are subject to the volatility of the financial markets, including that of equity and fixed income investments in the U.S. and 
abroad, and may be subject to risks associated with investing in high- yield, small -cap, and foreign securities. Principal invested is not guaranteed at any 
time, including at or after their target dates. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if 
available.  
Short- term redemption fee:  None 
Who may want to invest: Someone who is seeking an investment option intended for people in or very  near retirement and who is willing to accept the 
volatility of diversified investments in the market; Someone who is seeking a diversified mix of stocks, bonds, and short- term investments in one investment 
option or who does not feel comfortable making as set allocation choices over time. 
The investment option is a collective investment trust. It is managed by Vanguard. This description is only intended to provi de a brief overview of the 
fund.  
This investment option is not a mutual fund.  
 
Vanguard Target Retirement 2025 Trust I  
VRS code: 886252 Gross expense ratio:  0.065% as of 11/9/2023  
Objective: Seeks to provide capital appreciation and current income consistent with its current asset allocation.  
Strategy: The trust invests in Vanguard mutual funds using an asset allocation strategy designed for investors planning to retire and leave the workforce 
in or within a few years of 2025 (the target year). Within seven years after 2025, the trust's asset allocation should resemble that of the Target Retir ement 
Income Trust I. Unit price and return will vary. 
Risk: The target date funds are designed for investors expecting to retire around the year indicated in each fund's name. The funds  are managed to 
gradually become more conservative over time as they approach their target date. The investment risk of each target date fund changes over time as its 
asset allocation changes. They are subject to the volatility of the financial markets, including that of equity and fixed inc ome investments in the U.S. and 
abroad, and may be subject to risks associated with investing in high- yield, small -cap, and foreign securities. Principal invested is not guaranteed at any 
time, including at or after their target dates. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.  
Short- term redemption fee:  None 
Who may want to invest: Someone who is seeking an investment option that gradually becomes more conservative over time and who is willing to 
accept the volatili ty of the markets; Someone who is seeking a diversified mix of stocks, bonds, and short- term investments in one investment option or 
who does not feel comfortable making asset allocation choices over time. 
The investment option is a collective investment t rust. It is managed by Vanguard. This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the 
fund.  
This investment option is not a mutual fund.  
 
Vanguard Target Retirement 2030 Trust I  