 
  
Vanguard Target Retirement 2065 Trust I  
VRS code: 886260 
Gross expense ratio:  0.065% as of 11/9/2023  
Objective: Seeks to provide capital appreciation and current income consistent with its current asset allocation.  
Strategy: The trust invests in Vanguard mutual funds using an asset allocation strategy designed for investors planning to retire and l eave the work force 
in or within a few years of 2065 (the target year). Within seven years after 2065, the trust's asset allocation should resemble that of the Target Retirement 
Income Trust I. Unit price and return will vary. 
Risk: The target date funds are designed for investors expecting to retire around the year indicated in each fund's name. The funds are managed to 
gradually become more conservative over time as they approach their target date. The investment risk of each target date fund changes over time as its 
asset allocation changes. They are subject to the volatility of the financial markets, including that of equity and fixed income investments in the U.S. and 
abroad, and may be subject to risks associated with investing in high- yield, small -cap, and foreign securities. Principal invested is not guaranteed at any 
time, including at or after their target dates. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if 
available.  
Short- term redemption fee:  None 
Who may want to invest: Someone who is seeking an investment option that gradually becomes more conservative over time and who is willing to 
accept the volatility of the markets; Someone who is seeking a diversified mix of stocks, bonds, and short- term investments in one investment option or 
who does not feel c omfortable making asset allocation choices over time. 
The investment option is a collective investment trust. It is managed by Vanguard. This description is only intended to provi de a brief overview of the 
fund.  
This investment option is not a mutual fund.  
 
Vanguard Target Retirement 2070 Trust I  
VRS code: 915307 
Gross expense ratio:  0.065% as of 11/9/2023  
Objective: Seeks to provide capital appreciation and current income consistent with its current asset allocation.  
Strategy: The trust invests in Vanguard mutual funds using an asset allocation strategy designed for investors planning to retire and leave the work force 
in or within a few years of 2070 (the target year). Within seven years after 2070, the trust's asset allocation should resemble that of the Target Retirement 
Income Trust.  
Risk: The target date funds are designed for investors expecting to retire around the year indicated in each fund's name. The funds  are managed to 
gradually become more conservative over time as they approach their target date. The investment risk of each target date fund changes over time as its 
asset allocation changes. They are subject to the volatility of the financial markets, including that of equity and fixed inc ome investments in the U.S. and 
abroad, and may be subject to risks associated with investing in high- yield, small -cap, and foreign securities. Principal invested is not guaranteed at any 
time, including at or after their target dates. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the pros pectus or other product materials, if 
available.  
Short- term redemption fee:  None 
Who may want to invest: Someone who is seeking an investment option that gradually becomes more conservative over time and who is willing to 
accept the volatility of the markets; Someone who is seeking a diversified mix of stocks, bonds, and short- term investments in one investment option or 
who does not feel comfortable making asset allocation choices over time. 
The investment option is a collective investment trust. It is managed by The Vanguard Group. This description is only intended to provide a brief overview 
of the fund.  
This investment option is not a mutual fund.  
 
 
    In the event of a discrepancy between this notice and the terms of the Plan, the Plan document will govern.  
 An investment option’s expense ratio is the total annual operating expenses (before waivers or reimbursements) paid by the
 
investment option and stated as a percentage of the investment option’s total net assets. The investment option’s expense  ratio 
information has been provided by the plan sponsor, the investment manager, or the trustee, each of whom may use their  own 
calculation methodology to reflect the expense ratio information. When no ratio is shown for an opti on, it is because none  was 
available; there may be fees and expenses associated with the option. Expense information changes periodically. Please  consult 
NetBenefits.com for updates.  
 The Plan is intended to be participant -directed plan as described in Sec tion 404(c) of ERISA, which means that fiduciaries of
 the 
Plan are generally relieved of liability for any losses that are the direct and necessary result of investment instructions  given by a 
participant or beneficiary.  
 
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, M ember NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917  
© 2015– 2023  FMR LLC. All rights reserved.  
668640. 17.0 