Govern access for security operations
center (SOC) teams in a multitenant
environment
Article •05/02/2024
Managing multitenant environments can add another layer of complexity when it comes
to keeping up with the ever-evolving security threats facing your enterprise. Navigating
across multiple tenants can be time consuming and reduce the overall efficiency of
security operation center (SOC) teams. Multitenant management in Microsoft Defender
XDR provides security operation teams with a single, unified view of all the tenants they
manage. This view enables teams to quickly investigate incidents and perform advanced
hunting across data from multiple tenants, improving their security operations.
Microsoft Entra ID Governance  enables you to govern the access and lifecycle of the
users who are members of the SOC teams and threat hunter teams. This document
explores:
The controls you can put in place for SOC teams to securely access resources
across tenants.
Example topologies for how you can implement your lifecycle and access controls.
Deployment considerations (roles, monitoring, APIs).
Microsoft Entra provides the controls needed to govern the lifecycle of a SOC user and
to securely provide access to the resources they need. In this document, the term source
tenant refers to where the SOC users originate and authenticate against. T arget tenant
refers to the tenant that they're investigating when there's an incident. Organizations
have multiple target tenants due to mergers and acquisitions, aligning tenants with
business units, and aligning tenants with geos.
Entitlement management, thr ough access p ackages and connect ed or ganizations
allows the target tenant administrator to define collections of resources (ex: app roles,
directory roles, and groups) that users from the source tenant can request access to. If
the user is approved for the resources they need, but don’t yet have a B2B account,
entitlement management will automatically create a B2B account for the user in theManage the lifecycle and access of a SOC user
Lifecycle control