Attributes including (but not limited to) photos, custom security attributes, and
user attributes outside of the directory can't be synchronized by cross-tenant
synchronization.
Can I control where user attributes are sourced/managed?
Cross-tenant synchronization doesn't offer direct control over source of authority.
The user and its attributes are deemed authoritative at the source tenant. There are
parallel sources of authority workstreams that will evolve source of authority
controls for users down to the attribute level and a user object at the source may
ultimately reflect multiple underlying sources. For the tenant-to-tenant process,
this is still treated as the source tenant's values being authoritative for the sync
process (even if pieces actually originate elsewhere) into the target tenant.
Currently, there's no support for reversing the sync process's source of authority.
Cross-tenant synchronization only supports source of authority at the object level.
That means all attributes of a user must come from the same source, including
credentials. It isn't possible to reverse the source of authority or federation
direction of a synchronized object.
What happens if attributes for a synced user are changed in the target tenant?
Cross-tenant synchronization doesn't query for changes in the target. If no
changes are made to the synced user in the source tenant, then user attribute
changes made in the target tenant will persist. However, if changes are made to
the user in the source tenant, then during the next synchronization cycle, the user
in the target tenant will be updated to match the user in the source tenant.
Can the target tenant manually block sign-in for a specific home/source tenant user that
is synced?
If no changes are made to the synced user in the source tenant, then the block
sign-in setting in the target tenant will persist. If a change is detected for the user
in the source tenant, cross-tenant synchronization will re-enable that user blocked
from sign-in in the target tenant.
Can I sync a mesh between multiple tenants?
Cross-tenant synchronization is configured as a single-direction peer-to-peer sync,
meaning sync is configured between one source and one target tenant. Multiple
instances of cross-tenant synchronization can be configured to sync from a singleStructure