Synchronization jobs created with Microsoft Entra ID will not appear in the
Microsoft 365 admin center.
If you created your synchronization job in the Microsoft 365 admin center, do
not modify the synchronization job name using Microsoft Entra ID, otherwise it
will no longer appear in the admin center.
You might adjust the attribute mappings to match your organizations' needs.
By default, new B2B users are provisioned as B2B members, while existing B2B
guests remain B2B guests.
You can opt to convert B2B guests into B2B members by setting Apply this
mapping  to Always .
If you're using Microsoft Entra cross-tenant synchronization to provision your
users, rather than the Microsoft 365 admin center share users functionality,
Microsoft 365 admin center indicates an Outbound sync status  of Not configur ed.
This is expected behavior. Currently, Microsoft 365 admin center only shows the
status of Microsoft Entra cross-tenant synchronization jobs created and managed
by Microsoft 365 admin center and doesn't display Microsoft Entra cross-tenant
synchronizations created and managed in Microsoft Entra ID.
If you view Microsoft Entra cross-tenant synchronization in Microsoft Entra admin
center, after adding tenants to or after joining a multitenant organization in
Microsoft 365 admin center, you'll see a cross-tenant synchronization
configuration with the name MTO_Sync_<TenantID>. Refrain from editing or
changing the name if you want Microsoft 365 admin center to recognize the
configuration as created and managed by Microsoft 365 admin center.
Microsoft Entra cross-tenant synchronization doesn't support establishing a cross-
tenant synchronization configuration before the tenant in question allows inbound
synchronization in their cross-tenant access settings for identity synchronization.
Hence the usage of the cross-tenant access settings template for identity
synchronization is encouraged, with userSyncInbound set to true, as facilitated by
Microsoft 365 admin center.
There's no established or supported pattern for Microsoft 365 admin center to take
control of pre-existing Microsoft Entra cross-tenant synchronization configurations
and jobs.
There are multiple reasons why a join request might fail. If the Microsoft 365 admin
center doesn't indicate why a join request isn't succeeding, try examining the join
request response by using the Microsoft Graph APIs or Microsoft Graph Explorer.Join requests