If you followed the correct sequence to create a multitenant organization and add
a tenant to the multitenant organization, and the added tenant's join request
keeps failing, submit a support request in the Microsoft Entra or Microsoft 365
admin center.
In ShareP oint OneDrive , the promotion of B2B guests to B2B members might not
happen automatically. If faced with a user type mismatch between Microsoft Entra
ID and ShareP oint OneDrive, try Set-SPUser [-S yncFromAD] .
In ShareP oint OneDrive  user interfaces, when sharing a file with People in F abrikam,
the current user interfaces might be counterintuitive, because B2B members in
Fabrikam from Contoso count towards People in F abrikam.
In Microsoft Forms , B2B member users might not be able to access forms.
In Microsoft P ower BI , B2B member users are not yet supported. B2B guest users
can continue to access P ower BI dashboards.
In Microsoft P ower Apps , Microsoft Dynamics 365 , and related workloads, B2B
member users may have restricted functionality. For more information, see Invite
users with Microsoft Entra B2B collaboration .
The promotion of B2B guests to B2B members represents a strategic decision by
multitenant organizations to consider B2B members as trusted users of the
organization. R eview the default permissions  for B2B members.
To promote B2B guests to B2B members, a source tenant administrator can amend
the attribute mappings , or a target tenant administrator can change the userT ype if
the property is not recurringly synchronized.
As your organization rolls out the multitenant organization functionality including
provisioning of B2B users across multitenant organization tenants, you might want
to provision some users as B2B guests, while provision others users as B2B
members. T o achieve this, you might want to establish two Microsoft Entra cross-
tenant synchronization configurations in the source tenant, one with userT ype
attribute mappings configured to B2B guest, and another with userT ype attribute
mappings configured to B2B member, each with Apply this mapping  set toMicrosoft apps
B2B users or B2B members