Mergers and acquisitions:  Organizations that merge or acquire companies.
Divestitur e activity:  In a divestiture, one organization splits off part of its business
to form a new organization or sell it to an existing organization.
Multiple clouds:  Organizations that have compliance or regulatory needs to exist
in multiple cloud environments.
Multiple geographical boundaries:  Organizations that operate in multiple
geographic locations with various residency regulations.
Test or staging t enants:  Organizations that need multiple tenants for testing or
staging purposes before deploying more broadly to primary tenants.
Department or employ ee-cr eated tenants:  Organizations where departments or
employees have created tenants for development, testing, or separate control.
Your organization may have recently acquired a new company, merged with another
company, or restructured based on newly formed business units. If you have disparate
identity management systems, it might be challenging for users in different tenants to
access resources and collaborate.
The following diagram shows how users in other tenants might not be able to access
applications across tenants in your organization.
As your organization evolves, your IT team must adapt to meet the changing needs. This
often includes integrating with an existing tenant or forming a new one. R egardless of
how the identity infrastructure is managed, it's critical that users have a seamless
experience accessing resources and collaborating. T oday, you may be using custom
scripts or on-premises solutions to bring the tenants together to provide a seamless
experience across tenants.
To enable users across tenants to collaborate in Teams Connect shared channels , you
can use Microsoft Entra B2B direct connect . B2B direct connect is a feature of External
Identities that lets you set up a mutual trust relationship with another Microsoft Entra
organization for seamless collaboration in T eams. When the trust is established, the B2B
direct connect user has single sign-on access using credentials from their home tenant.Multitenant challenges

B2B direct connect